hey I know jack and today it is monday
off
Oh
so hey so I feel like you guys have
gotten to know me a little bit better by
now however you guys only see what i
want you to see because I shoot and I
edit and anything I don't want you to
see I can just cut out a lot of times
like make mistakes you guys don't always
see that because I'm pretty in control
so because you guys don't really see
this very often than I decided to do
what Jack dodge be like when he makes
mistakes so like bloopers basically
these are not only from ytl videos these
are also from my main channel videos so
yeah I hope you guys enjoy and then I
was like why can't you just be ya guys
hope you like that if you did make sure
to give it a big thumbs up and what else
I don't know oh my god I'm nope done by
okay ah hey I this jacket today I was up
oh my god I can't even start the video
without doing something wrong oh this is
not even a hard part to say my god yeah
I follow me on Facebook into it follow
me on Facebook I don't even use facebook
okay what are words Jack and then I was
looked and then I was like why can't you
just know beyond guys like it's Betty if
you like it why can't I say that oh my
god huh yeah yeah guys oh brilliant okay
why can't I get this lying down oh uh uh
link gosh you can do this you can do
this you can do this okay oh my god why
can't I say anything right okay like
this video feel like to comment down
below did you why I can't oh my god okay
yeah I don't feel like that oh my god
that was so fast i'm actually going to
fall off my chair follow me on Twitter
and Tumblr and face yeah guys like to
speak if you like to comment on below
its other things nope done by I can't do
it anymore ah I hope you guys realize
that filming is not always fun and games
and it gets really stressful when you
can't figure everything out but
guys I know I sounded kind of angry in
this video because sometimes when you
can't see to say your lines like just
then I really upset and I can't do it
anymore just frustrating when like you
have it all planned out and it should go
smoothly and then it's just like oh hey
no yeah anyways guys that's what I do
some people are really calm and are just
like who I messed up my line breathe but
I'm just like not make sure to like this
but if you liked it common humble if
you're a youtuber and if you have any
similar situations or when you mess up
and stuff subscribe to ytl subscribe to
my main channel where i post new videos
every Monday my latest video was a tin
can challenge so you can check that out
here if you want my twitter tumblr
youtube whatever we'll all be in the
description below oh yeah I'll see you
next Saturday on here and monday on my
main channel see you guys later goodbye
that dent in that net net this is a
dance party mitten internet net